Seals picked this guy up out of Kabul.
Name is Omar Abdul Hassan Assad
Abad Ali Shahid Mohammed.
CIA guys couldn't get
anything out of him.
They said you were our best bet.
You know who I am, don't you?
So you know what I'm gonna do if
you don't tell me what I need to
know.
You do not scare me!
Stand him up!
Aah!
Where's the target?!
Allah, make my testicles strong
against the boot of the infid... Aah!
Where is the target?!
My gonads are indestructible.
My penis shaft is strong
like the oak tree.
Tell me...where...the target is!
Tell me...where...
the target... is!
Aah!
His vitals are spiking.
He can't take much more.
We're just getting started.
Agent Flowers, his heart.
No. No.
Wait! Wait a minute!
Okay, look.
Maybe I was being stubborn.
Let's try and talk this out!
Wait! I remember!
The target is...
Woodcre-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-st!
♪ I am the stone that
the builder refused ♪
♪ I am the visual, the inspiration
that made lady sing the blues ♪
♪ I'm the spark that
makes your idea bright ♪
♪ the same spark that
lights the dark ♪
♪ so that you can know your
left from your right ♪
♪ I am the ballot in your box,
the bullet in the gun ♪
♪ the inner glow that lets you
know to call your brother son ♪
♪ the story that just begun ♪
♪ the promise of what's to come ♪
♪ and I'ma remain a soldier
till the war is won ♪
Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
So, it's true, huh?
You're finally calling it quits.
Yeah.
So now you can stop spying on me.
Well, just because you say
you're retiring doesn't mean
you're retiring.
Could be like Jay-Z and come back,
like, a couple of months later.
But it is the right thing to do.
You can't fight the future.
Don't waste your life trying.
Oh, and one more thing.
Know how you always say "they"
are coming to get you?
Well, this time, they actually
are coming to get you.
Who?
Central terrorist...
Agency or unit, or...
Come on, I don't know... a
bunch of guys with guns.
Why?
They seem to think you're
a domestic terrorist.
Because you are.
I'm retired.
Why don't you go ahead and
tell them that while they're
waterboarding you?
Is this a trick?
No. A trick is a [bleep]
who'd be out spending
money on these bitches.
This is a warning.
Hey, man, you see my new iPhone?
I got one.
I don't like the [bleep]
I love my iPhone.
This [bleep] can do
anything and everything.
Yeah. Everything except
make a [bleep] phone call.
And on the line right now is
regular caller... I love this
guy... always has some brilliant
insights... Dan Stucky.
Dan, what's pissing
you off today, buddy?
What isn't pissing me off today?
Let's talk about our
president, "Buck Osama."
It's lunacy!
It's like he's declaring
war on rich people.
Right now, you know, I'm a
private security contractor on
the front lines, defending
American freedom, but I got
plans to start my own business,
and I figure to have about
$30 million in the first two years.
Wow! Well, Obama's gonna
kill that $30 million.
Just kill it.
Yeah, he's gonna take it,
redistribute it, and give it to
all those losers who sit around all
day watching tv and getting fat.
Unbelievable, isn't it?
I just heard Obama's passing
legislation that'll let guys who
can't get laid go to your
house and bang your wife.
Dan the security man, as always,
you are right on point.
Always good to hear from you.
Next caller.
Hey, right on time.
It's tweedlee [bleep] dumbass and
tweedlee bigger dumb [bleep] ass.
Today's our last day, Dan.
You gonna miss us?
I just can't wait till we get
this brand-new super [bleep]
fantastic security
system up and running.
Yeah, in 24 hours, the new
system will be online, the
building will reopen, and we
be out your life forever.
You know what keeps this
building secure? Me.
A dedicated, fit, fearless
security-enforcement
professional who can spot a godless
terrorist from a mile away!
Let me see your fancy [bleep]
computer do that.
I think you'll feel
differently tomorrow.
Just make sure you here 24 hours
from now... oh, about... 3:17 P.M.
And watch the magic happen.
Gonna be like you died
and went to heaven.
Hey, do you have an iPhone?
Eat my ass.
I love it.
I got everything I need for this
whole operation right here.
I got my secret plans and maps.
Only problem is it's
so thin, so light.
It could fall out my pocket and I don't
even know the [bleep] happened.
And did you know the screen was
so indestructible, it could stop
a speeding bullet?
can't stop no damn bullet.
It's an iPhone, not the ispyphone.
Okay. Timing mechanism
is functioning.
Everything looks good.
Setting the timer.
I remember when these [bleep]
first came out, man.
Bitches would be coming up to you,
like, "let me see that iPhone.
Let me play with it!
Let me stick it up my ass!
Put it in my mouth!
"Suck on it!"
Then one day, I got tired
of all these questions.
You know what I'm saying?
I let the girl stick the
iPhone up her butt.
Took the doctors 12
hours to get it out.
And you know what?
It was still working.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's good to see you, Jack.
Thank you, director.
How's Tracey?
I remember you two were very
much in love and had your whole
lives ahead of you.
Yes, we were.
Then...
Tracey, wait!
Aah!
Unh!
Tracey!
Oh [bleep] That's bad.
Yes, she died very violently, sir.
After some time passed, I was
engaged to a very special woman
named Eleanor.
Then...
Catch, Agent Flowers!
Aah! Aah!
Eleanor!
Holy [bleep] That's bad.
I thought I would never love again.
Then I met Taquanda.
Taquanda?
Yes, sir. Taquanda.
Then...
Unh!
No.
Jack, get this [bleep]
What you standing
there for [bleep] it!
Do something!
Jack Flowers, you
worthless white [bleep]
Taquand-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a!
That's terrible, Jack.
He tied her to a missile?
What kind of deranged, Wile E.
Coyote [bleep] is that?
Well, I'd love to stand around and
reminisce, but we should get to work.
We followed up on that
"Woodcrest" clue.
Came up with one match.
Domestic terrorist with
radical leftist affiliation.
Name is Huey Freeman.
Homeland wants you to pick him up.
We'll have a field team ready in 20.
Banes, are you sure about this?
Look, I've done bad things in my day.
I've killed people.
I've also kicked a lot
of people in the nuts.
I still hear their screams.
Aah!
Ohh!
My nuts!
But I've never hurt a child.
He's no normal child, Jack.
N.S.A.'S got a file on him
thicker than a Luke dancer.
I don't know if you know
anything about Luke dancers,
Jack, but they're very thick.
Very large thighs and buttocks, Jack.
That's how thick his file is.
If he puts up a fight,
you put him down.
Here's what I'm saying.
I used the recorder app to
dictate the plan into the phone.
I used the aroundme app to find out
the bomb parts and the detonators.
And I used the Amazon app
to price everything out.
Why pay any more than
necessary for C-4?
gonna blow up anyway, right?
Great. Maybe one day they'll
invent an app where you can
actually call some [bleep] body.
Crap.
Great.
It's no problem.
I'll just call my grandfather.
He'll get us a new car.
Now let me just use the GPS
to find out where we are.
We down the street from
your house, asshole.
Look. That's Riley's
house over there.
Yep, that's what the iPhone say.
Will you just please
make the [bleep] call?
I ain't got no [bleep] bars.
Granddad, I know you're
not gonna believe me, but I
think there are government
agents that are coming to...
Shh! Boy, I don't have
time for your crazy bull crap.
I don't like to be bothered when
my "Real Housewives of Compton"
is on!
Oh, no, she didn't.
Ew! Yes, she did.
Damn it! Aah!
Pause it, boy.
Hey, pops!
We need a favor.
And you delivered the final
shipment to the warehouse?
Not yet.
We at the Freemans' right now.
We, uh...blew a tire.
What the hell are you
doing at the Freemans'?
There's federal agents
closing in on that house!
Get to the warehouse now!
Ed, we got to jet.
Show ain't over yet.
Now, Ed.
We got some [bleep] we
got to take care of.
Super-secret-type [bleep]
Ed, come on.
Okay, fellas.
Well, give your granddaddy my best.
Oh, and, uh, I'd stay away from
downtown for quite a while.
Ed!
You should only be going uptown.
U-p-t-o-w-n.
Ed!
Aah!
Yes, I did say that I
would tap that ass.
That's what I had to say, nigga.
Federal agents!
Move! Move! Move!
You hoes need to get up off me.
Butler, check in!
Roger that, checking in.
Rest of the house is clear.
Damn it!
C.T.A., this is Flowers.
The package is not here.
I repeat, we did not get the package.
Someone must have tipped him off.
Set up a perimeter!
He's probably still on foot.
Jack, I got something.
Looks like the old man's credit
card was just used to buy a
train ticket online.
I'm guessing our guy is on
his way to the station.
We're on our way.
All units, proceed in the
direction of the train station.
I want this whole place
searched from top to bottom...
Oh, I can't wait.
I can't wait to see what the
white man gonna do to you.
Just drive.
Jack, I got a fast-moving yellow
bus about 3 miles ahead of you.
Looks a little suspicious.
All units, the package is
believed to be on a yellow bus
straight ahead.
Aah! Ohh!
Look, look, look!
Here come the white cavalry!
Oh, they got you now, little nigga.
Try to get the kid alive!
I'm gonna try and get a
clean shot at the driver.
Here he is!
Here he is, Mr. White Man!
Aah! Aah!
Oh, I hate you!
I hate you little nigga!
Keep your foot on the gas!
Take your foot off the gas!
Aaaaaaaaaah!
Oh.
Ohh!
In this footage from yesterday,
the marines subdued
the possible, potential,
alleged suspects.
Do you know who I am?
No.
Well, if you knew who I was,
then you would know what I'm
gonna do with you if you don't
tell me what I need to know.
Maybe.
But I don't know who you are.
Do you know what kind of
damage a steel boot can do to
prepubescent testicles?
How would I know that?
Tell me where the target is
before I kick you in the nuts!
Get your hands off of me!
I'm a proud American!
it!
I knew this great country was
gonna go straight to [bleep] in
a sandwich bag once that bean-pie
chef became commander-in-chief!
Do you want me to kick
you in the nuts?!
No.
Do you want me to kick
you in the nuts?!
No.
Do you want me to... wait, Jack.
I do not want you to
kick him in the nuts.
Why?
He's innocent, but we found
something big at his house.
Or should I say "thin and light"?
This iPhone was found at the
Freeman residence, but it
belongs to an Ed Wuncler III.
Looks like he's the guy
we're looking for.
We found the attack plans,
blueprints, schedule, everything.
According to this, the
target is Wuncler Plaza.
There's something else.
A large shipment of unknown
materials at a warehouse.
It doesn't say anything
about what it might be?
No. But it's definitely
related to today's attack.
We all know what it is
... bionuclear Anthrax.
Bionuclear Anthrax.
All right, let's move.
Call Wuncler Plaza.
Tell them to evacuate the
building immediately.
Jack, I want you to find out
what's in that warehouse and
then go after Ed the III
and his grandfather.
I'll get your field
team in 10 minutes.
Yes, sir.
Look, Huey, I apologize for what
happened in there, but nobody is
above the law.
Wuncler is gonna pay for this.
You have my word.
Excuse me, everyone.
Can I have your attention?
I'm afraid we have to abort the
mission to arrest Ed the III and
his grandfather.
What?! What about the bomb?!
Sorry, Jack.
Turns out some people
are above the law.
The Wunclers will not pay
for what they did today.
You have my word.
Good work, everyone.
Have a good weekend.
And, oh... no going rogue.
I got the tequila.
Who's got the salt?
I'm going rogue.
Huey, you've got to get to
Wuncler Plaza and try to get as
many people out of
there before it blows.
A second ago, you were
gonna kick me in the nuts.
Huey, please, I'm just doing my job.
It's a crappy job, but somebody's
got to kick people in the nuts.
And sometimes you kick the wrong
person in the nuts, and that's tragic.
But now we can both make sure it's
the right set of nuts that get kicked.
You little, black,
communist niglet!
I want to press full charges!
I... [ Gasps ]
Jack Flowers.
You do know who I am, right?
Why... w-w-why, yes, sir.
You Jack Flowers.
You kick them arab terrorist
son-of-a-bitches in the nuts!
You, sir, are an American hero.
Right now, I need you to be
a hero and help Huey get to
Wuncler Plaza before a bomb goes off.
Yes, sir, Mr. sir.
Come on, little nigga!
You heard the man!
Move your little communist ass
so we can save some white folk!
Open the door!
Hey, assholes, building's closed!
Look, we got to get
everybody out of here.
There are bombs in the building.
Ain't nobody in here but me, and
I'm giving the orders around here.
Who the [bleep] are you two?!
Okay, we tried.
Now hush your mouth!
There's a white man talking.
Hey, wait a minute.
You two are the terrorists.
I don't know how you two
escaped, but you two [bleep]
with the wrong
security-enforcement officer.
I ain't going anywhere.
Unh!
And neither are you.
What the...?
Hmm?
Come on! Come on!
I need the password
to unlock the door.
Sir, I was given a
mission by Jack Flowers, the
greatest white man since g.I.
Joe, and that mission is to
get you out of here safely.
Now, what's the password
to open the door?
Eat my ass!
Sir, do not make me use
enhanced interrogation techniques.
Eat my ass!
Aah!
♪ Stomp him in the nuts ♪
Give us the password!
Eat my ass!
♪ Stomp him in the nuts ♪
♪ I'm-a stomp him in the nuts ♪
Give us the password!
Ruckus, wait!
Aah!
"Eat my ass."
My God.
What have I done?
Oh, I have seen the
enemy, and it is me.
Whoa, whoa, wait a minute.
I can't find my iPhone!
I think I dropped it.
Ed, you dropped the
iPhone had everything on it?
What if somebody found it?
They'd know exactly
where...
Tell me who the man
is on these t-shirts.
He's a dead man just like you!
Oh!
What?! What, huh?!
What?!
Oh, no!
Aah!
Wow.
Go ahead, Steve.
I am so sorry, Mr. White Man.
Never again will this
foot touch white nuts.
Ruckus, come on!
We got to go now!
Come on!
Run! Run!
Huey, it's Jack.
Did you get everyone out
of the building in time?
Well, yeah, but
it was just one person.
Meet me at the Wuncler estate.
We're gonna finish this.
These are hard times, and
Americans need inspiration.
People want real life to be like
in the movies, with good guys
and bad guys and black
guys... All that [bleep]
This country needed a rallying cry,
a reminder of why it's great to be American.
So you just make this stuff up?
No! Several overpaid members of
the writers [bleep] Guild of
America make this stuff up.
This is just a joke to you.
We're talking about the lives
of innocent Americans.
Innocent American... Singular.
Daniel Stucky, A.K.A.
Dan the security man.
Have you ever met Dan Stucky, Jack?
He's a [bleep]... A waste
of functioning organs.
But dead, he would have
been a national hero.
We had Dan the security man
action figures, fast-food
tie-ins, video games, a limited-edition
collectible sneaker line.
We had Dan ribbons, Dan buttons,
and Dan ringtones, and a feature
film starring Jack black.
And all he had to do is die.
But why?
Don't you have enough money?
No.
I'm taking you into custody.
You have till the count
of 3, or I will shoot.
1...
More than enough time.
...2...
Huh?
Agent Flowers.
Jack, it's the president.
First of all, I want to
congratulate you on the fine
work you've done today.
But, Mr. President, this man
has conspired to... Yes, sir.
Yes, Mr. President.
You can let yourselves out.
Huey, you did a good thing today.
You saved a man's life.
They don't win until you give up.
They don't win until
you stop fighting.
You can't fight the future.
Don't waste your life trying.
Boy!
Oh, we're so glad you're okay.
I'm so sorry I didn't listen to you.
Back off!
Everyone stay back or he dies!
He-e-e-e-e-lp!
Somebody shoot this [bleep]
You can't do this to me!
Let me go.
You know who I am?
Can't do this!
What are you waiting for?
Shoot him!
Can't do this!
Man, we might
have to think about moving.
This neighborhood ain't'
what it used to be.
Oh, man!
We saw you on the news with all
them marines pointing guns at you.
And you was looking hard, too.
You was like, "What? What?"
Man, Huey, you
were really right this time.
You said it was gonna
happen, and it happened.
Imagine all of the problems we could
avoid if we ever started listening to you.
Oh, well!
Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org